Add list method to API docs (#513)
cloudflare/workers-docs: content/reference/storage/api.md

You can write and delete values from a Worker, but you should note that it is an eventually consistent data store. In practice, this means it is not uncommon for an edge location to continue returning an old value for up to a minute after that key is written in some other edge location. If, after considering that, it makes sense to write values from your Worker, the API is:

{{<highlight typescript>}}
NAMESPACE.put(key: string, value: string | ReadableStream | ArrayBuffer)
{{</highlight>}}

The type is automatically inferred from value, and can be any of:

- `string`
- `ReadableStream`
- `ArrayBuffer`

> 

Author: One thing I queried was the lack of `FormData` type. It shows up in [the actual TypeScript type declarations](https://github.com/cloudflare/workers-types/blob/master/index.d.ts#L168), but no where else that I could see.

As with all updates, deletes can take up to ten seconds to propagate globally.

#### List Keys

`NAMESPACE.list({ [prefix], [limit], [cursor] })`

Like with the `get` method, the `list` method returns a promise you can `await` to get the value. The promise resolves to an object that looks like this:

```
{
  keys: [{ name: "foo", expiration: 1234}],
  list_complete: false,
  cursor: "6Ck1la0VxJ0djhidm1MdX2FyD"
}
```

> For more information about listing keys, and pagination using `cursor` and `list_complete`, see the page [listing keys]({{<ref "listing-keys.md" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about listing keys, and pagination using `cursor` and `list_complete`, see the page [listing keys](/reference/storage/listing-keys/).
```
We use absolute refs for future referencing links
